feat(cli): add custom primary key with relation model section (#4465)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/cli/graphql/data-modeling.mdx

```

### Relational models with custom primary keys

> You can define custom primary keys for relational models. The transformer will handle the foreign key fields needed by queries and mutations, which allows you to retrieve data across different relations. 

Reviewer: "transformer" this word is not used previously in the documentation,  and "The transformer will handle the foreign key fields needed by queries and mutations" sounds more like an implementation detail. Should we expose it here?

Author: The "transformer" term is removed

> You can choose the default relations with **implicit** fields. This will result in auto generation of additional foreign key fields refering its counterpart primary key and sort key fields.

Reviewer: Similar here "implicit fields" is a new term in the documentation. 
Would be better to use existing terms
e.g.

The fields arguments of `@belongsTo` directive.
`@belongTo` can be used without the `fields` argument. (this is the implicit I believe)

Author: I am using `implicit` and `explicit` terms in the block header. So I add additional explanations on these two words

<Callout>

> In "has many" relations, the foreign key fields are only generated in child type.

Reviewer: This is always true regardless using CPK or not, correct? 
If this is not new, I'd recommend to omit it.

Author: Yes this is not related to CPK but the general `hasMany` cases.

</Callout>

<BlockSwitcher>

> <Block name='Implicit Bi-directional "has one"'>

Reviewer: Bidirectional one-to-one could be more precise. Ditto "implicit" term.

Author: The `Bi-directional "has one"` is derived from the previous section

  projectTeamName: String # auto generated child sort key reference
}

type Team {
  teamId: ID!
  name: String!
  project: Project
  createdAt: AWSDateTime!
  updatedAt: AWSDateTime!
  teamProjectProjectId: ID # auto generated parent primary key reference
  teamProjectName: String # auto generated parent sort key reference
}
```
Input fields:
```graphql
input CreateProjectInput {
  projectId: ID!
  name: String!
  projectTeamTeamId: ID # auto generated child primary key reference
  projectTeamName: String # auto generated child sort key reference
}

input UpdateProjectInput {
  projectId: ID!
  name: String!
  projectTeamTeamId: ID # auto generated child primary key reference
  projectTeamName: String # auto generated child sort key reference
}
input CreateTeamInput {
  teamId: ID!
  name: String!
  teamProjectProjectId: ID # auto generated parent primary key reference
  teamProjectName: String # auto generated parent sort key reference
}

input UpdateTeamInput {
  teamId: ID!
  name: String!
  teamProjectProjectId: ID # auto generated parent primary key reference
  teamProjectName: String # auto generated parent sort key reference
}
```
</Block>

> <Block name='Implicit Uni-directional "has one"'>

Reviewer: Could be just `has one`. "implicit" term ditto.

  postCommentsTitle: String # auto generated parent sort key reference
}
```
</Block>

<Block name='Implicit Uni-directional "has many"'>

```graphql
type Post @model {
  postId: ID! @primaryKey(sortKeyFields:["title"])
  title: String!
  comments: [Comment] @hasMany
}

type Comment @model {
  commentId: ID! @primaryKey(sortKeyFields:["content"])
  content: String!
}
```
This generates additional foreign key fields only in child type.

Model fields:
```graphql
type Comment {
  commentId: ID!
  content: String!
  createdAt: AWSDateTime!
  updatedAt: AWSDateTime!
  postCommentsPostId: ID # auto generated parent primary key reference
  postCommentsTitle: String # auto generated parent sort key reference
}
```
Input fields:
```graphql
input CreateCommentInput {
  commentId: ID!
  content: String!
  postCommentsPostId: ID # auto generated parent primary key reference
  postCommentsTitle: String # auto generated parent sort key reference
}

input UpdateCommentInput {
  commentId: ID!
  content: String!
  postCommentsPostId: ID # auto generated parent primary key reference
  postCommentsTitle: String # auto generated parent sort key reference
}
```
</Block>

</BlockSwitcher>

> You can also customize the foreign key fields instead of the auto-generated ones in the schema by **explicitly** defining the `fields` parameter in relation directives.

Reviewer: Ditto better to use existing terms. and -

`fields` parameter => `fields` argument

<Callout>

> The order in "fields" parameter matters. The first element should refer the primary key field and the rest are sort key fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The order of the elements in the value of "fields" argument matters. The first element should always be the primary key of the associated model; and remaining elements should match the `sortKeyFields` specified in the `@primaryKey` directive of t he associated model.
```

Author: This is true for `hasOne` and `belongsTo`. But for `hasMany` it is different. When defining `@hasMany(fields:)`, We are passing the PK and SK fields from the parent and associate it with the child secondary index. So I think the `associated model` here is not accurate enough to cover all cases.

Author: I temporarily replace the word with `relational`
